Correct API key reference auth header format (#2154)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.17/reference/apikeys.md

    parent: reference
---

- [Authorization header format](#authorization-header-format)
- [API key resource structure](#api-key-resource-structure)
- [API key specification](#api-key-specification)
  - [Top-level attributes](#top-level-attributes) | [Metadata attributes](#metadata-attributes) | [Spec attributes](#spec-attributes)
- [Examples](#examples)

> API keys are long-lived authentication tokens that make it more convenient to authenticate with Sensu-adjacent applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API keys are long-lived authentication tokens that make it more convenient for Sensu plugins and other Sensu-adjacent applications to authenticate with the Sensu API.
```

> API keys do not need to be refreshed every 15 minutes like [authentication tokens][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike [authentication tokens][2], API keys are persistent and do not need to be refreshed every 15 minutes.
```
